[Music]
oh my goodness like it ah I almost birth
of a nice dude beware his story one
enough Brahms was never just a dog to
live again he needs a friend his den the
rules were never if you break them it's
best to pray for Brahms once more than
just play it's got a secret that only he
knows something is happening to him am i
right love you
dude bronze the boy - in theaters for
virtually first were to be g13
[Music]
don't you tell yourself so that I might
know they not to tell yet you have none
to tell yet
I pheromone meant for great nation we
all fear
[Music]
do not waste this
what is happening what is all of this
she see that article every year these
liberal elites kidnap a bunch of normal
folks like us and haunt us for sport
the last I heard free speech still
exists don't first-amendment me it
wasn't real we were joking
there's been a killing spree you got to
come here right now
you actually believed we were hunting
human beings for sports but you are we
have an opportunity here to teach these
people
these are not real people they're actors
I'm playing an Arab refugee but I
identify as white
I think that's problematic too in some
way you wanted it to be real so you
decided it was
what kind of sick people would even
think of something like that white
people written worst
[Music]
it began as a holiday when eager to
escape a bright future on the Great
Plains arthur howitzer jr. transformed
the series of travelogue columns into
the french dispatch a factual weekly
report on the subjects of world politics
the arts high and low and diverse
stories of human interest you don't
think it's almost too seedy this time
no I don't decent people supposed to be
charming he assembled a team of the best
expatriate journalists of his time
Berenson Sazerac kremens Roebuck write
these for his people just try to make it
sound like you wrote it that way on
purpose we take as the subject of
tonight's lecture mr. Moses Rosenthal
certainly the loudest autistic voice of
his rowdy generation
Simone naked cellblock J Hobby room I
want to buy it is dumber sale yes it is
oh yeah
yesterday noise yes for this yes in
short the picture was a sensation
the kids did this
obliterated a thousand years of
Republican Authority in less than four
tonight what do they want freedom
full-stop are naked mrs. Crimmins I can
see them lieutenant
miss caffee is the great exemplar of the
mold of cuisine known as police cooking
the aromas of the kitchen cast to smell
which was to be mortally broken as you
know by now we have kidnapped your son
[Music]
a message from the foreman one hour to
press you're fired
don't cry in my office
[Applause]
in 500 years no one has ever escaped in
the going anywhere it's the tower so
stupid
this donut
what's your name trendline I owe you my
life I'm going east my way is filled
with dangers come with me
[Music]
my journey follows the Silk Road
the Great Wall of China something is
very wrong
[Music]
gather the people immediately make
everyone see that the Dragon obey me I
must help save them
I've been waiting for this for a long
time
no don't touch this this is the helmet
of Genghis Khan helmet this is the
instance park
when I have the seal of the Dragon I
will rule the world
you know better this way a hardened few
options here you [ __ ] me or you leave
you decide
[Music]
it hurt me and I can't forgive you this
last night meant nothing I didn't know
what I was doing from kissing that guy
excess so would never kiss a train
driver
[Music]
[Applause]
you are a very lucky girl
Lander wells will you marry me not many
men would be willing to take on somebody
with your baggage I mean three kids a
mountain of death looking for Miranda
Wells she's at work right now
you believe with me I'm her son I'm
afraid this comes with a little bit of
an explanation
come hurricane warnings around weather
guy says it's gonna miss us but you
never be too careful no matter how bad
things are they can always get worse mom
I'm expecting a call from the bank ray
Johnson
Miranda Wells there goes my deductible
don't waste your insurance on this why
is he doing here bumper because he's
offered to come over to fix it you're
letting him follow us home
youko now you're looking for her then
she runs into you it's pretty weird is
it your thoughts attract things with a
force that you cannot see but is
definitely real okay this is me thinking
about pizza don't look at me have to be
careful Yeah right because we get what
we expect I'm open to the possibility
that whatever happens oh my god even the
bad stuff can lead to better things I
can't afford a new roof let me help why
are you helping me
because I can
how do you know Miranda I don't really
why are you fixing a roof I just don't
want you to bother this she doesn't love
him not like dad all your dad ever
wanted was for you to be happy how would
you know that what are you doing right
now taking in this gorgeous sunset I
don't understand what's happening here
I think you and I collided for a reason
what's it say I've been dreamin one Sun
ball happen to the bumper karma or maybe
it's just a lousy driver it's a better
day coming
you